So what really makes change in a team, especially if it's a big change,
is is getting that buy in from the folks that you're leading. You've
got to be able to show them the reality of what that changes, whether
it's good or bad and, you know, explain to them what the overarching
goal is and why, in the long run, it's probably gonna be the biggest
benefit. Have those discussions not everyone is gonna is gonna
buy in on that change. You know, some people are very adaptive to
change and enjoy change and other people hate change. You gotta understand
where people think and where they lie and then kind of play to
those roles. But your role is the leader is whether it's everyone
agrees or doesn't agree. At the end of the day, they still have to move
forward with this. Change is coming down from somewhere. It's a
new priority, and probably in the long run it's gonna be it's gonna
be better. Um, help them out as well as the Navy is a hole, so you have
to kind of play to that rule